# Korra
This is a public platform where relatively unknown artists, writers, musicians, athletes, engineers and scientists can upload and advertise their work, merits, achievements, goals, aspirations to aid in helping them to build meaningful connections and making them more visible to the world.
A bit more about myself and the goal of this project.
My name is Diana Carolina Alcantara. I'm 26 years old and I am currently a freelance writer, artist, blogger, and English tutor. Being a freelance creator, developer or professional in general can be pretty tough. Especially if you are a recent graduate. It doesn't help either if you are a bit more on the shy/reserved side, don't already have any immediate connections in the real world, or don't feel like you have any immediate resources in the real world either. 
It is my wish to design this platform with people like you (and me) in mind.
Growing up in the innercity of Chicago on the Southwest side in Little Village, I not only felt invisible sometimes but I also felt extremely disconnected from resources that seemed endlessly available, which not only made me feel hopeless, but it also made me feel guilty and personally responsible for not being able to take my own future into my own hands.
That's why I want to be able to create this platform for underprivileged yet talented, smart, and bright individuals who are infinitely curious like I am, so that they can feel like they have their own space to create, share, and post their achievements. To brainstorm, network, and come up with new ideas and help each other. And to feeling like they have a sense of belonging, a lighthouse so to speak, in this vast ocean of space that is the world wide web.
